README.md, before:

# LiquidEngineCookiecutter

Liquid Engine template made using [cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)!

It helps create a python package and implements a simple class that subclasses the [Nanopyx Liquid Engine](https://github.com/HenriquesLab/NanoPyx)

# How to use

## Install cookiecutter

```bash 
pip install cookiecutter
```

## Generate package folder structure

First, navigate to a folder where you want your package to live. 

```bash
cookiecutter https://github.com/HenriquesLab/LiquidEngineCookieCutter
```

Cookiecutter will ask you for information regarding the package you want to create. 

After this step is complete a new folder will appear in your working directory. 

## Install the new package

First navigate to the newly created folder:

```bash
cd MyLiquidEngineFolder
pip install -e .
```
    
This installation should also install the newest version of nanopyx and required dependencies. To test if everything went according to plan you can try to run the provided test script.

```bash
python test.py
```

You now have a minimal working example of a Liquid Engine class. 

---

### TIPS: 
1. After any modification to the Liquid Engine class (or any other .pyx file) you will need to recompile.

    ```bash
    python setup.py build_ext --inplace
    ```

2. This cookiecutter showcases how the the Mako templating engine is used within the Liquid Engine. Before compilation all templates are rendered and moved to their respective folders overriding any old files with the same name. This means that if you to edit the example files you need to do it on the corresponding Mako template. If you don't want to rely on templating delete the files inside ```src/mako_templates``` and edit the files as usual. 


3. Depending on the use case you might want to overload some of the functions that the Liquid Engine base class provides. See [Liquid Engine wiki - 3.5. Implementing Liquid Engine Methods](https://github.com/HenriquesLab/NanoPyx/wiki/3.5.-Implementing-Liquid-Engine-Methods) for more information.

Commit message:

Updating readme for mako info

README.md, after:

# LiquidEngineCookiecutter

Liquid Engine template made using [cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)!

It helps create a python package and implements a simple class that subclasses the [Nanopyx Liquid Engine](https://github.com/HenriquesLab/NanoPyx)

# How to use

## Install cookiecutter

```bash 
pip install cookiecutter
```

## Generate package folder structure

First, navigate to a folder where you want your package to live. 

```bash
cookiecutter https://github.com/HenriquesLab/LiquidEngineCookieCutter
```

Cookiecutter will ask you for information regarding the package you want to create. 

After this step is complete a new folder will appear in your working directory. 

## Install the new package

First navigate to the newly created folder:

```bash
cd MyLiquidEngineFolder
pip install -e .
```
    
This installation should also install the newest version of nanopyx and required dependencies. To test if everything went according to plan you can try to run the provided test script.

```bash
python test.py
```

You now have a minimal working example of a Liquid Engine class. 

---

### TIPS: 
1. After any modification to the Liquid Engine class (or any other .pyx file) you will need to recompile.

    ```bash
    python setup.py build_ext --inplace
    ```

2. This cookiecutter showcases how the the Mako templating engine is used within the Liquid Engine. Before compilation all templates are rendered and moved to their respective folders overriding any old files with the same name. This means that if you to edit the example files you need to do it on the corresponding Mako template. If you don't want to rely on templating delete the files inside ```src/mako_templates``` and edit the files as usual. 

3. Using a Mako template entails writing a template file in the mako_templates folder. The name of the file should represent the relative path where the rendered template should live. All templates are rendered at compile time. For more information check out the [Mako official documentation](https://docs.makotemplates.org/en/latest/index.html).

4. Depending on the use case you might want to overload some of the functions that the Liquid Engine base class provides. See [Liquid Engine wiki - 3.5. Implementing Liquid Engine Methods](https://github.com/HenriquesLab/NanoPyx/wiki/3.5.-Implementing-Liquid-Engine-Methods) for more information.
